Full Mod Arena
==============

Full Mod Arena (FMA) is an Multiplayer Online Battle Arena
(MOBA) developed by [Sunshine
Cybernetics](http://sunshinecybernetics.com/).

Fully modable
-------------

FMA isn't just open source: it is a DAO, designed to be
modified. Users can develop and publish their own heroes
using the upcoming proof language,
[Formality](https://github.com/moonad/formality). Templates
for art assets and highly modular hero libraries make the
task of creating new content refreshingly straightforward.

Designed for competition
------------------------

FMA is a competitive game: heroes are automatically ranked,
and scaled for balance, based on winrate and similar
metrics. A pool of highly popular, balanced heroes is
periodically selected ranked play, taking in account
different sets of human skills such as memory, reflex and
strategical thinking.

Get-paid-to-play
----------------

FMA isn't just free-to-play: it is get-paid-to-play. Profits
obtained by sales of cosmetics are completely redirected to
hero creators and competitive players that thrive in ranked
modes, using [Ethereum](https://github.com/ethereum)
smart-contracts. In other words, company profits are
distributed to players, who win money by simply being good.

First-class API
---------------

FMA was made for developers and features first-class API
that allows users to load and run match replays in several
different languages, allowing them to gather data, run
statistics, train AI and do research.

Efficient, bug-free code
------------------------

FMA was developed in a proof language, allowing important
game aspects to be formally verified for correctness, making
serious bugs and errors scarse. In other words, FMA achieves
the highest score of code quality possible.
